MAY ULTIMATELY GET AN EXPLANATION FOR.
EXPLANATION FOR. THAT ONE MAY ULTIMATELY BE
THAT ONE MAY ULTIMATELY BE EXPLAINED.
EXPLAINED. FOR MY MONEY, THOUGH, THE SINGLE
FOR MY MONEY, THOUGH, THE SINGLE MOST FASCINATING STORY IN ALL OF
MOST FASCINATING STORY IN ALL OF THIS IS WHAT HAS JUST BEEN
THIS IS WHAT HAS JUST BEEN REPORTED BY VETERAN
REPORTED BY VETERAN INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALIST DEXTER
INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALIST DEXTER FILKINS AT "THE NEW YORKER."
FILKINS AT "THE NEW YORKER." JUST BEFORE THE PRESIDENTIAL
JUST BEFORE THE PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION ON HALLOWEEN, OCTOBER
ELECTION ON HALLOWEEN, OCTOBER 31st, 2016, FRANKLIN PHORA
31st, 2016, FRANKLIN PHORA PUBLISHED THIS FASCINATING AND
PUBLISHED THIS FASCINATING AND VERY CONTROVERSIAL PIECE AT
VERY CONTROVERSIAL PIECE AT SLATE.COM.
SLATE.COM. AND HONESTLY, IT HAS BEEN
AND HONESTLY, IT HAS BEEN DRIVING ME NUTS EVER SINCE.
DRIVING ME NUTS EVER SINCE. WE TALKED ABOUT THIS REPORTING A
WE TALKED ABOUT THIS REPORTING A FEW OTHER TIMES ON THE SHOW.
FEW OTHER TIMES ON THE SHOW. YOU MIGHT REMEMBER IT WAS ABOUT
YOU MIGHT REMEMBER IT WAS ABOUT LOGS OF INTERNET TRAFFIC, LOGS
LOGS OF INTERNET TRAFFIC, LOGS OF COMMUNICATION BETWEEN
OF COMMUNICATION BETWEEN DIFFERENT COMPUTERS ON THE
DIFFERENT COMPUTERS ON THE INTERNET THAT APPEARED TO SHOW
INTERNET THAT APPEARED TO SHOW FREQUENT AND SOMEWHAT
FREQUENT AND SOMEWHAT INEXPLICABLE CONTACT ALL OF THE
INEXPLICABLE CONTACT ALL OF THE SUDDEN DURING THE PRESIDENTIAL
SUDDEN DURING THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN BETWEEN A COMPUTER
CAMPAIGN BETWEEN A COMPUTER SERVER AT THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION
SERVER AT THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION AND A COMPUTER SERVER AT A
AND A COMPUTER SERVER AT A RUSSIAN BANK, A RUSSIAN BANK
RUSSIAN BANK, A RUSSIAN BANK CALLED ALPHA BANK.
CALLED ALPHA BANK. ALPHA IS THE BIGGEST PRIVATE
ALPHA IS THE BIGGEST PRIVATE BANK IN RUSSIA.
BANK IN RUSSIA. THEY HAVE FRIENDLY RELATIONS
THEY HAVE FRIENDLY RELATIONS WITH THE KREMLIN.
WITH THE KREMLIN. YOU DON’T GET TO BE BIG ANYTHING
YOU DON’T GET TO BE BIG ANYTHING IN RUSSIA WITHOUT FRIENDLY
IN RUSSIA WITHOUT FRIENDLY RELATIONS WITH THE KREMLIN.
RELATIONS WITH THE KREMLIN. ALPHA BANK IS MENTIONED IN THE
ALPHA BANK IS MENTIONED IN THE CHRISTOPHER STEELE DOSSIER THAT
CHRISTOPHER STEELE DOSSIER THAT WAS PUBLISHED TO SUCH GREAT
WAS PUBLISHED TO SUCH GREAT CONTROVERSY RIGHT BEFORE THE
CONTROVERSY RIGHT BEFORE THE INAUGURATION.
INAUGURATION. EXECUTIVES FROM ALPHA BANK
EXECUTIVES FROM ALPHA BANK ACTUALLY WENT ON TO SUE BUZZFEED
ACTUALLY WENT ON TO SUE BUZZFEED FOR PUBLISHING THE DOSSIER
FOR PUBLISHING THE DOSSIER BECAUSE THE DOSSIER DOES MENTION
BECAUSE THE DOSSIER DOES MENTION THIS ALPHA BANK JUST A COUPLE OF
THIS ALPHA BANK JUST A COUPLE OF MONTHS AGO IN AUGUST.
MONTHS AGO IN AUGUST. THAT LAWSUIT AGAINST BUZZFEED
THAT LAWSUIT AGAINST BUZZFEED WAS DISMISSED IN A U.S. COURT.
WAS DISMISSED IN A U.S. COURT. FOR WHAT IT’S WORTH, I SHOULD
FOR WHAT IT’S WORTH, I SHOULD TELL YOU THAT ONE OF THE
TELL YOU THAT ONE OF THE BILLIONAIRE FOUNDERS OF ALPHA
BILLIONAIRE FOUNDERS OF ALPHA BANK HAS A DAUGHTER.
BANK HAS A DAUGHTER. NOT THAT LONG AGO HIS DAUGHTER
NOT THAT LONG AGO HIS DAUGHTER MARRIED ALEX VAN DER ZWAAN.
MARRIED ALEX VAN DER ZWAAN. CRAZY, RIGHT?
CRAZY, RIGHT? ONE OF THE ONLY PEOPLE WHOSE
ONE OF THE ONLY PEOPLE WHOSE GONE TO JAIL SO FAR IN THE
GONE TO JAIL SO FAR IN THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION.
MUELLER INVESTIGATION. PROBABLY ALL JUST A BIG QUINKY
PROBABLY ALL JUST A BIG QUINKY DINK.
DINK. BUT FOR WHATEVER REASON AT THE
BUT FOR WHATEVER REASON AT THE HEIGHT OF THE CAMPAIGN IN 2016,
HEIGHT OF THE CAMPAIGN IN 2016, A SERVER USE BESIDE THEY BANK
A SERVER USE BESIDE THEY BANK KEPT MAKING CONTACT WITH A
KEPT MAKING CONTACT WITH A SERVER AT THE TRUMP
SERVER AT THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
ORGANIZATION. WHEN THAT SERVER WAS BEING USED
WHEN THAT SERVER WAS BEING USED FOR ALMOST NOTHING ELSE, WHY WAS
FOR ALMOST NOTHING ELSE, WHY WAS IT COMMUNICATING WITH A RUSSIAN
IT COMMUNICATING WITH A RUSSIAN BANK?
BANK? IT’S A VEXING LITTLE MYSTERY.
IT’S A VEXING LITTLE MYSTERY. EVER SINCE FRANKLIN FOER FIRST
EVER SINCE FRANKLIN FOER FIRST REPORTED ON IT FOR SLATE.COM TWO
REPORTED ON IT FOR SLATE.COM TWO YEARS AGO, HALLOWEEN NIGHT RIGHT
YEARS AGO, HALLOWEEN NIGHT RIGHT BEFORE THE 2016 ELECTION, IT HAS
BEFORE THE 2016 ELECTION, IT HAS BEEN A VERY CONTROVERSIAL PIECE
BEEN A VERY CONTROVERSIAL PIECE OF REPORTING.
OF REPORTING. WELL, NOW DEXTER FILKINS AT THE
WELL, NOW DEXTER FILKINS AT THE NEW YORKER HAS PICKED THAT UP
NEW YORKER HAS PICKED THAT UP AND RUN WITH IT.
AND RUN WITH IT. AND EVEN IF YOU HAVE FELT LIKE
AND EVEN IF YOU HAVE FELT LIKE THIS IS ONE OF THOSE CONFUSING
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE CONFUSING STORIES, ONE OF THOSE SIDEBAR
STORIES, ONE OF THOSE SIDEBAR STORIES ABOUT THE RUSSIA
STORIES ABOUT THE RUSSIA INVESTIGATION THAT SEEMS TOO
INVESTIGATION THAT SEEMS TOO TECHNICAL AND YOU’RE NOT SURE
TECHNICAL AND YOU’RE NOT SURE YOU GET IT.
YOU GET IT. >> PICK UP A COPY OF THE NEW
>> PICK UP A COPY OF THE NEW YORKER OR GO TO "THE NEW
YORKER OR GO TO "THE NEW YORKER".COM.
YORKER".COM. PRINT IT OUT, READ IT ON PAPER
PRINT IT OUT, READ IT ON PAPER IN A QUIET MOMENT.
IN A QUIET MOMENT. DEXTER FILKINS IS A VERY, VERY
DEXTER FILKINS IS A VERY, VERY GOOD WRITER.
GOOD WRITER. AND I PROMISE YOU, EVEN IF YOU
AND I PROMISE YOU, EVEN IF YOU HAVE BEEN MYSTIFIED BY THIS
HAVE BEEN MYSTIFIED BY THIS STORY BEFORE, YOU WILL BE
STORY BEFORE, YOU WILL BE INTRIGUED BY IT THE WAY HE HAS
INTRIGUED BY IT THE WAY HE HAS WRITTEN IT UP.
WRITTEN IT UP. AND I’M GOING TO LET HIM TELL
AND I’M GOING TO LET HIM TELL YOU THE STORY.
YOU THE STORY. BUT JUST TO PREPARE YOU FOR THAT
BUT JUST TO PREPARE YOU FOR THAT CONVERSATION, HERE’S A FEW
CONVERSATION, HERE’S A FEW THINGS THAT HE SORT OF BLEW THE
THINGS THAT HE SORT OF BLEW THE LID OFF HERE WITH HIS PIECE IN
LID OFF HERE WITH HIS PIECE IN "THE NEW YORKER."
"THE NEW YORKER." NUMBER ONE, IT TURNS OUT THAT AT
NUMBER ONE, IT TURNS OUT THAT AT THE SAME TIME FRANKLIN FOER WAS
THE SAME TIME FRANKLIN FOER WAS PURSUING THIS STORY AT THE VERY
PURSUING THIS STORY AT THE VERY END OF THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN
END OF THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN IN 2016, "THE NEW YORK TIMES"
IN 2016, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" HAD BEEN PURSUING IT TOO.
HAD BEEN PURSUING IT TOO. INVESTIGATIVE REPORTER FOR "THE
INVESTIGATIVE REPORTER FOR "THE TIMES" NAKED ERIC LIKBLAU HAD
TIMES" NAKED ERIC LIKBLAU HAD THE STORY AND WAS WORKING ON IT
THE STORY AND WAS WORKING ON IT BEFORE FRANKLIN STARTED WORKING
BEFORE FRANKLIN STARTED WORKING ON IT FOR SLATE.
ON IT FOR SLATE. AS PART OF REPORTING THAT STORY,
AS PART OF REPORTING THAT STORY, ERIC LIKBLAU AT TIMES APPARENTLY
ERIC LIKBLAU AT TIMES APPARENTLY CAME TO LEARN THAT THE FBI HAD
CAME TO LEARN THAT THE FBI HAD AN OPEN COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
AN OPEN COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION UNDER WAY INTO
INVESTIGATION UNDER WAY INTO POSSIBLE CONTACTS ASSOCIATED
POSSIBLE CONTACTS ASSOCIATED WITH THEN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE
WITH THEN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE DONALD TRUMP AND RUSSIA.
DONALD TRUMP AND RUSSIA. OH, WHICH MEANS BEFORE THE
OH, WHICH MEANS BEFORE THE ELECTION, "THE NEW YORK TIMES"
ELECTION, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" WAS IN POSSESSION OF THE STORY
WAS IN POSSESSION OF THE STORY THAT THERE WAS AN OPEN FBI
THAT THERE WAS AN OPEN FBI COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION INTO TRUMP IN
INVESTIGATION INTO TRUMP IN RUSSIA, BEFORE THE ELECTION.
RUSSIA, BEFORE THE ELECTION. DID I MENTION THAT THEY KNEW
DID I MENTION THAT THEY KNEW THIS BEFORE THE ELECTION?
THIS BEFORE THE ELECTION? REMEMBER THAT HEADLINE ABOUT
REMEMBER THAT HEADLINE ABOUT DONALD TRUMP BEING THE SUBJECT
DONALD TRUMP BEING THE SUBJECT OF AN OPEN FBI
OF AN OPEN FBI COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION ABOUT HIM AND HIS
INVESTIGATION ABOUT HIM AND HIS CAMPAIGN’S CONTACTS WITH RUSSIA
CAMPAIGN’S CONTACTS WITH RUSSIA RIGHT BEFORE THE ELECTION, THE
RIGHT BEFORE THE ELECTION, THE ONE THAT BLEW THE LID OFF THE
ONE THAT BLEW THE LID OFF THE ELECTION?
ELECTION? NO, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" DID NOT
NO, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" DID NOT RUN THAT STORY.
RUN THAT STORY. EVEN THOUGH THEY KNEW THAT THAT
EVEN THOUGH THEY KNEW THAT THAT COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION WAS UNDER WAY.
INVESTIGATION WAS UNDER WAY. "NEW YORK TIMES" INSTEAD RAN
"NEW YORK TIMES" INSTEAD RAN THIS RATHER INFAMOUS STORY, ALSO
THIS RATHER INFAMOUS STORY, ALSO ON OCTOBER 31st, WHICH BASICALLY
ON OCTOBER 31st, WHICH BASICALLY SAID YEAH, YOU KNOW, THE FBI
SAID YEAH, YOU KNOW, THE FBI LOOKED INTO SOME STUFF ABOUT
LOOKED INTO SOME STUFF ABOUT TRUMP.
TRUMP. PEOPLE HAVE BEEN ASKING
PEOPLE HAVE BEEN ASKING QUESTIONS ABOUT RUSSIA AND
QUESTIONS ABOUT RUSSIA AND STUFF.
STUFF. IT TURNS OUT IT’S ALL FINE.
IT TURNS OUT IT’S ALL FINE. THERE IS NOTHING THERE.
THERE IS NOTHING THERE. THAT’S THE STORY THEY RAN ON
THAT’S THE STORY THEY RAN ON OCTOBER 31st WHEN "THE TIMES"
OCTOBER 31st WHEN "THE TIMES" KNEW AT THAT MOMENT THROUGH ITS
KNEW AT THAT MOMENT THROUGH ITS OWN REPORTING THAT ACTUALLY, AN
OWN REPORTING THAT ACTUALLY, AN FBI COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
FBI COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION INTO THESE
INVESTIGATION INTO THESE CONTACTS HAD BEGUN AND STOOD
CONTACTS HAD BEGUN AND STOOD OPEN.
OPEN. AND THEY KNEW THAT DIRECTLY
AND THEY KNEW THAT DIRECTLY BECAUSE THE FBI ASKED THEIR OWN
BECAUSE THE FBI ASKED THEIR OWN REPORTER, ERIC LICHTBLAU TO HOLD
REPORTER, ERIC LICHTBLAU TO HOLD OFF ON SOME OF WHAT HE HAD TO
OFF ON SOME OF WHAT HE HAD TO REPORT ABOUT THIS ALPHA BANK
REPORT ABOUT THIS ALPHA BANK THING BECAUSE THEY WERE LOOKING
THING BECAUSE THEY WERE LOOKING INTO IT TOO AND THEY DIDN’T WANT
INTO IT TOO AND THEY DIDN’T WANT IT TO INTERFERE WITH THEIR
IT TO INTERFERE WITH THEIR ONGOING COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
ONGOING COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION.
INVESTIGATION. SO THEY KNEW.
SO THEY KNEW. I LOVE ME "THE NEW YORK TIMES."
I LOVE ME "THE NEW YORK TIMES." AS FAR AS I’M CONCERNED, "THE
AS FAR AS I’M CONCERNED, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" IS THE EIGHTH
NEW YORK TIMES" IS THE EIGHTH WONDER OF THE WORLD.
WONDER OF THE WORLD. I DO NOT WANT TO IMAGINE AN
I DO NOT WANT TO IMAGINE AN AMERICA WITHOUT "THE NEW YORK
AMERICA WITHOUT "THE NEW YORK TIMES" OR WITH A LESSER "NEW
TIMES" OR WITH A LESSER "NEW YORK TIMES."
YORK TIMES." BUT WHEN IT COMES TO HOW THEY
BUT WHEN IT COMES TO HOW THEY HANDLED THE INFORMATION THAT
HANDLED THE INFORMATION THAT THEY HAD ABOUT FBI INTERESTS IN
THEY HAD ABOUT FBI INTERESTS IN TWO PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES IN
TWO PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES IN 2016, AT SOME POINT THERE
2016, AT SOME POINT THERE PRESUMABLY WILL HAVE TO BE A
PRESUMABLY WILL HAVE TO BE A LITTLE BIT OF A COME TO JESUS
LITTLE BIT OF A COME TO JESUS MOMENT ABOUT THAT, BECAUSE THAT
MOMENT ABOUT THAT, BECAUSE THAT WAS A HECK OF A THING FOR "THE
WAS A HECK OF A THING FOR "THE NEW YORK TIMES" TO HAVE SAT ON
NEW YORK TIMES" TO HAVE SAT ON AND NOT PUBLISHED, ESPECIALLY
AND NOT PUBLISHED, ESPECIALLY GIVEN HOW DEAD THE HORSE WAS
GIVEN HOW DEAD THE HORSE WAS THEY WERE AGGRESSIVELY BEATING
THEY WERE AGGRESSIVELY BEATING AT THE TIME EVERY DAY WHEN IT
AT THE TIME EVERY DAY WHEN IT CAME TO HILLARY CLINTON’S
CAME TO HILLARY CLINTON’S E-MAILS.
E-MAILS. THEY KNEW TRUMP WAS THE SUBJECT
THEY KNEW TRUMP WAS THE SUBJECT OF A COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
OF A COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION AT THE FBI AT THE
INVESTIGATION AT THE FBI AT THE TIME AND THEY DIDN’T TELL US?
TIME AND THEY DIDN’T TELL US? "THE TIMES" HAS SORT OF
"THE TIMES" HAS SORT OF APOLOGIZED FOR THAT HALLOWEEN
APOLOGIZED FOR THAT HALLOWEEN 2016 STORY SINCE IT RAN.
2016 STORY SINCE IT RAN. THEY’VE NEVER RUN A CORRECTION.
THEY’VE NEVER RUN A CORRECTION. THEY’VE SORT OF EXPLAINED THEIR
THEY’VE SORT OF EXPLAINED THEIR OWN DISAPPOINTMENT IN IT.
OWN DISAPPOINTMENT IN IT. BUT NOW WE KNOW.
BUT NOW WE KNOW. THETIMES KNEW TRUMP WAS UNDER
THETIMES KNEW TRUMP WAS UNDER ACTIVE FBI COUNTERINTELLIGENCE
ACTIVE FBI COUNTERINTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION AND THEY DIDN’T
INVESTIGATION AND THEY DIDN’T PUBLISH IT.
PUBLISH IT. THETIMES ALSO EFFECTIVELY KILLED
THETIMES ALSO EFFECTIVELY KILLED WHAT WOULD HAVE BEEN
WHAT WOULD HAVE BEEN CORROBORATIVE REPORTING FROM
CORROBORATIVE REPORTING FROM ERIC LICH HHLICHBLAU ABOUT ALPHA
ERIC LICH HHLICHBLAU ABOUT ALPHA AND THE SERVERS WHICH FRANKLIN
AND THE SERVERS WHICH FRANKLIN FOER ENDED UP REPORTING ALL ON
FOER ENDED UP REPORTING ALL ON HIS OWN AT SLATE.
HIS OWN AT SLATE. THE ODD COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN A
THE ODD COMMUNICATIONS BETWEEN A RUSSIAN BANK AND A TRUMP SERVER
RUSSIAN BANK AND A TRUMP SERVER THEY ARE REPORTING COULD HAVE
THEY ARE REPORTING COULD HAVE CORROBORATED THAT TOO.
CORROBORATED THAT TOO. FOR THIS NEW YORKER PIECE, ERIC
FOR THIS NEW YORKER PIECE, ERIC LICHTBLAU TOLD FILKINS, QUOTE,
LICHTBLAU TOLD FILKINS, QUOTE, NOT ONLY IS THERE CLEARLY
NOT ONLY IS THERE CLEARLY SOMETHING THERE, BUT THERE IS
SOMETHING THERE, BUT THERE IS SOMETHING THAT SOMEONE HAS
SOMETHING THAT SOMEONE HAS CLEARLY GONE TO GREAT LENGTHS TO
CLEARLY GONE TO GREAT LENGTHS TO CONCEAL.
CONCEAL. THAT’S NOT WHAT "THE TIMES"
THAT’S NOT WHAT "THE TIMES" PUBLISHED, BUT THAT’S WHAT THEIR
PUBLISHED, BUT THAT’S WHAT THEIR REPORTER FOUND.
REPORTER FOUND. DEXTER FILKINS ALSO FOR THE
DEXTER FILKINS ALSO FOR THE FIRST TIME EXPLAINS IN LAYMAN’S
FIRST TIME EXPLAINS IN LAYMAN’S TERMS WHAT KIND OF
TERMS WHAT KIND OF COMMUNICATIONS, WHAT KIND OF
COMMUNICATIONS, WHAT KIND OF INTERACTIONS BETWEEN SOMEONE IN
INTERACTIONS BETWEEN SOMEONE IN RUSSIA AND SOMEONE AT THE TRUMP
RUSSIA AND SOMEONE AT THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION MIGHT HAVE PRODUCED
ORGANIZATION MIGHT HAVE PRODUCED THE KIND OF INTERNET DATA THAT
THE KIND OF INTERNET DATA THAT LED TO ALL OF THIS REPORTING.
LED TO ALL OF THIS REPORTING. AND I WILL LET HIM EXPLAIN THAT
AND I WILL LET HIM EXPLAIN THAT IN JUST A MOMENT, BECAUSE FOR
IN JUST A MOMENT, BECAUSE FOR ME, THAT WAS KIND OF THE AH-HA
ME, THAT WAS KIND OF THE AH-HA MOMENT, THAT FINALLY SOMEBODY
MOMENT, THAT FINALLY SOMEBODY HAS SPELLED OUT WHAT THIS MIGHT
HAS SPELLED OUT WHAT THIS MIGHT HAVE BEEN, WHAT WOULD TURN UP
HAVE BEEN, WHAT WOULD TURN UP LOOKING LIKE THIS IN THESE
LOOKING LIKE THIS IN THESE INTERNET LOGS, WHAT KINDS OF
INTERNET LOGS, WHAT KINDS OF COMMUNICATION, WHAT AMOUNT OF
COMMUNICATION, WHAT AMOUNT OF COMMUNICATION, WHAT MIGHT HAVE
COMMUNICATION, WHAT MIGHT HAVE GONE DOWN HERE THAT PRODUCED
GONE DOWN HERE THAT PRODUCED THIS EVIDENCE.
THIS EVIDENCE. PERHAPS MOST IMPORTANTLY, WHERE
PERHAPS MOST IMPORTANTLY, WHERE DEXTER FILKINS FINALLY GETS WITH
DEXTER FILKINS FINALLY GETS WITH THIS STORY IS HOW THIS INTRIGUE
THIS STORY IS HOW THIS INTRIGUE COULD FINALLY ONE DAY END, HOW
COULD FINALLY ONE DAY END, HOW YOU COULD MAKE THIS QUESTION ONE
YOU COULD MAKE THIS QUESTION ONE DAY HAVE AN ANSWER, HOW THIS
DAY HAVE AN ANSWER, HOW THIS STORY AND ALL OF THIS INTRIGUE
STORY AND ALL OF THIS INTRIGUE AND THIS PARTICULAR MYSTERY
AND THIS PARTICULAR MYSTERY COULD FINALLY BE EXPLAINED AND
COULD FINALLY BE EXPLAINED AND PUT TO BED.
PUT TO BED. QUOTE, THIS MARCH, AFTER
QUOTE, THIS MARCH, AFTER REPUBLICANS ON THE HOUSE
REPUBLICANS ON THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE ANNOUNCED
INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE ANNOUNCED THAT THEY HAD FOUND NO EVIDENCE
THAT THEY HAD FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP
OF COLLUSION BETWEEN THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA, THE
CAMPAIGN AND RUSSIA, THE COMMITTEE’S DEMOCRATS FILED A
COMMITTEE’S DEMOCRATS FILED A DISSENT, ARGUING THAT THERE WERE
DISSENT, ARGUING THAT THERE WERE MANY MATTERS STILL TO BE
MANY MATTERS STILL TO BE INVESTIGATED, INCLUDING THE
INVESTIGATED, INCLUDING THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION’S CONNECTIONS
TRUMP ORGANIZATION’S CONNECTIONS TO ALPHA BANK.
TO ALPHA BANK. THE DEMOCRATS IMPLORED THE
THE DEMOCRATS IMPLORED THE MAJORITY REPUBLICANS TO FORCE A
MAJORITY REPUBLICANS TO FORCE A COMPANY INVOLVED IN THE
COMPANY INVOLVED IN THE COMMUNICATION BETWEEN THE
COMMUNICATION BETWEEN THE SERVERS A COMPANY CALLED CENDYN
SERVERS A COMPANY CALLED CENDYN TO TURN OVER COMPUTER DATA THAT
TO TURN OVER COMPUTER DATA THAT WOULD HELP DETERMINE WHAT HAD
WOULD HELP DETERMINE WHAT HAD HAPPENED.
HAPPENED. QUOTE, THOSE RECORDS COULD SHOW
QUOTE, THOSE RECORDS COULD SHOW WHO IN THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION
WHO IN THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION WHO USED THE SERVER THERE WOULD
WHO USED THE SERVER THERE WOULD PROBABLY BE A RECORD OF WHO SHUT
PROBABLY BE A RECORD OF WHO SHUT DOWN THE DOMAIN AFTER "THE
DOWN THE DOMAIN AFTER "THE TIMES" CONTACTED ALPHA BANK FOR
TIMES" CONTACTED ALPHA BANK FOR COMMENTS ON ITS RECORDING.
COMMENTS ON ITS RECORDING. CYNDEN MIGHT HAVE RECORDS OF
CYNDEN MIGHT HAVE RECORDS OF OUTGOING COMMUNICATIONS SENT BY
OUTGOING COMMUNICATIONS SENT BY THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION.
THE TRUMP ORGANIZATION. QUOTE, BUT SUCH A REQUEST FOR
QUOTE, BUT SUCH A REQUEST FOR FIRST-DEGREE MURDER
FIRST-DEGREE MURDER INVESTIGATION IS UNLIKELY TO
INVESTIGATION IS UNLIKELY TO PROCEED AS LONG AS REPUBLICANS
PROCEED AS LONG AS REPUBLICANS HOLD THE MAJORITY.
HOLD THE MAJORITY. IN OTHER WORDS, IF THERE REALLY
IN OTHER WORDS, IF THERE REALLY WAS THIS STORY THAT’S BEEN SO
WAS THIS STORY THAT’S BEEN SO INTRIGUING FOR TWO YEARS NOW, IF
INTRIGUING FOR TWO YEARS NOW, IF THERE REALLY WAS SECRET LINE OF
THERE REALLY WAS SECRET LINE OF COMMUNICATIONS SET UP BETWEEN
COMMUNICATIONS SET UP BETWEEN TRUMP TOWER AND MOSCOW DURING
TRUMP TOWER AND MOSCOW DURING THE ELECTION, ONE THEY TRIED TO
THE ELECTION, ONE THEY TRIED TO COVER UP, THAT COULD BE SORT OF
COVER UP, THAT COULD BE SORT OF THE MISS LINK INVOLVING HOW
THE MISS LINK INVOLVING HOW INVOLVED THE TRUNK CAMPAIGN WAS
INVOLVED THE TRUNK CAMPAIGN WAS IN RUSSIA’S EFFORTS TO INTERFERE
IN RUSSIA’S EFFORTS TO INTERFERE ON THE ELECTION ON TRUMP’S
ON THE ELECTION ON TRUMP’S BEHALF.
BEHALF. IF ANYBODY REALLY WANTS TO
IF ANYBODY REALLY WANTS TO FIGURE OUT WHETHER THAT SECRET
FIGURE OUT WHETHER THAT SECRET LINE OF COMMUNICATION WAS THERE,
LINE OF COMMUNICATION WAS THERE, IT’S DOABLE.
IT’S DOABLE. YOU COULD PROBABLY FIGURE IT
YOU COULD PROBABLY FIGURE IT OUT.
OUT. THEY COULD PROBABLY DO IT WITH
THEY COULD PROBABLY DO IT WITH JUST A COUPLE OF SUBPOENAS.
JUST A COUPLE OF SUBPOENAS. AND IN FACT, IF DEMOCRATS WIN
AND IN FACT, IF DEMOCRATS WIN THE HOUSE FOUR WEEKS FROM
THE HOUSE FOUR WEEKS FROM TONIGHT, IT LOOK LIKES DEMOCRATS
TONIGHT, IT LOOK LIKES DEMOCRATS ARE READY TO GO WITH SUBPOENAS
ARE READY TO GO WITH SUBPOENAS TO GET THAT INFORMATION.
TO GET THAT INFORMATION. WHICH MEANS WE’D FINALLY HAVE AN
WHICH MEANS WE’D FINALLY HAVE AN ANSWER.
ANSWER. NOW, ONE DOES OF COURSE WONDER
NOW, ONE DOES OF COURSE WONDER IF ROBERT MUELLER AND HIS
IF ROBERT MUELLER AND HIS PROSECUTORS HAVE ALREADY BEATEN
PROSECUTORS HAVE ALREADY BEATEN THE DEMOCRATS THERE EITHER
THE DEMOCRATS THERE EITHER BEFORE DEXTER FILKINS PUBLISHED
BEFORE DEXTER FILKINS PUBLISHED THIS PIECE OR SINCE IT HAS BEEN
THIS PIECE OR SINCE IT HAS BEEN OUT.